guides: add docker+zscaler guide (#21284)
docker/docs: content/guides/zscaler/index.md

certificate with its own. However, Docker doesn't trust this Zscaler
certificate by default, leading to SSL errors.

```plaintext
x509: certificate signed by unknown authority
```

These errors occur because Docker cannot verify the validity of the certificate
presented by Zscaler. To avoid this, you must configure Docker to trust
Zscaler's certificate.

## Configure Zscaler proxy for Docker Desktop

Depending on how Zscaler is deployed, you may need to configure Docker Desktop
proxy settings manually to use the Zscaler proxy.

If you're using Zscaler as a system-level proxy via the [Zscaler Client Connector](https://help.zscaler.com/zscaler-client-connector/what-is-zscaler-client-connector),
all traffic on the device is automatically routed through Zscaler, so Docker
Desktop uses the Zscaler proxy automatically with no additional configuration
necessary.

If you are not using Zscaler as a system-level proxy, manually configure proxy
settings in Docker Desktop. Set up proxy settings for all clients in the
organization using [Settings Management](/manuals/security/for-admins/hardened-desktop/settings-management/_index.md),

> or edit proxy configuration in the Docker Desktop GUI under [**Settings > Resources > Proxies**](/manuals/desktop/settings.md#proxies).

Author: Good question. I don't have an answer! I just went with what I think would be useful. Curious to hear other's thoughts as well.

> or edit proxy configuration in the Docker Desktop GUI under [**Settings > Resources > Proxies**](/manuals/desktop/settings.md#proxies).

Reviewer: I think that menu cascades (step > step > step) look super clean. I remember someone mentioned that it's not accessibility friendly, like screen readers might read it weird.
[Microsoft's style guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/procedures-instructions/describing-interactions-with-ui) endorses it though.

## Install root certificates in Docker images

To enable containers to use and trust the Zscaler proxy, embed the certificate
in the image and configure the image's trust store. Installing certificates at
image build time is the preferred approach, as it removes the need for
configuration during startup and provides an auditable, consistent environment.

### Obtaining the root certificate

The easiest way to obtain the root certificate is to export it from a machine
where an administrator has already installed it. You can use either a web

> browser or the system's certificate management service (e.g., Windows

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
browser or the system's certificate management service (for example, Windows
```
